TiCDC scale out: experimental feature (#12490)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

[scheduler]
# Splits a table into multiple replication ranges based on the number of Regions, and these ranges can be replicated by multiple TiCDC nodes.
# Note:

> # 1. The scaling-out feature is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 1. Scaling out single large tables is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment.
```

> # 1. Scaling out single large tables is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment.

Author: ```suggestion
# 1. Scaling out a single large table is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment.
```
